Previous: [[1-6-23 or 1-7-23]]
Next: [[1-21-23 or 1-22-23]]

- While in Foundwheels, the group: 
	- Pick up Huey, Dewey, and Louie
	- Pay Jeremiah
- The group heads back through the tunnels to return home to Sweepstrangers
- When the group arrives at Sweepstrangers, “Fredrick” is out looking at temporal stuff
	- He went left/west on the road
- Ashro wants to go check out Fredrick’s old camp, and everyone accompanies him
- When they arrive, Ashro wants to find the human sized area of disturbed earth, and the group helps him find it
- As Ashro starts digging, Sylvia and Flendar go off to try and find anything left by her kidnapper, but don’t find anything
- Ashro hits something hard with his shovel while digging, it turns out to be bones
	- Ashro feels proud about his suspicions being proven true
	- Venti (accurately) points out that it is weird that Ashro feels like that
- The body (Dead Fred)
	- A dwarf skeleton
	- Wearing only undergarments
	- Head is separated from the body
	- Time of death: 3 weeks ago, ± a week
		- Determined by Venti
		- Actual death was ~3 weeks ago
- When Ashro tries to identify the body, he asks his patron for help and gets a smug face in response
- The group debates if one of the clerics should use Speak with the Dead
- Ashro also asks if anyone has seen the temporal gear
- Group decides to come back later to use Speak with the Dead
- As the group travels back to Sweepstrangers, Ashro shows off his Staff of the Python
	- Ashro rides the snake for a little bit, but puts it back into staff form when the group approaches the road
- When the group returns, they see that “Fred” has also returned and they chat with him a bit
	- Learn that “Fred” hasn’t found more on the temporal gear and that the PPCs are stable
- The group takes a long rest
	- Tiz, Sylvia, and Flendar all go back to their rooms
		- Tiz does something secret
		- Sylvia has a bit of a mental breakdown and cries for 2 hours
		- Flendar examines Larry’s flute
			- He doesn’t remember much about it, and looks in his journal of memories to try and find something regarding the flute(doesn’t find anything)
			- Flendar begins experimenting a bit with the flute
			- He says hello to the flute. Nothing happens
			- He puts the flute up to his good ear and listens to the flute, feels a slight breeze and hears a single droning note
			- He blows on the flute(not playing it) and his fingers instinctually get in position to play the flute
			- He finally gives in to the flute and starts playing it
			- The flute starts glowing as he plays, creating a golden line of light that fills his room and causing those who hear it to feel calm
			- Memories flood back to Flendar, who now remembers the key words to activate the flute
			- He is now attuned with the flute
			- Flenar still doesn’t remember all of the details of how the flute works
			- Flendar then says “Goodbye friend.” and a point of the golden line flashes and lets out a ting sound then the line disappears 
				- He starts crying, but doesn’t know why
	- Venti rests and preps some ingredients for potions
- As the group(minus Tiz) get together to head back out, they see that “Fred” is also preparing to head out
- When asked where he is going, “Fred” says that he is off to see some “magic phenomena”
	- Ashro and Venti ask about the phenomena, and at first “Fred” doesn’t want to share much, but eventually opens up that there are small rifts/disturbances to space-time, and that they have been becoming more frequent
- “Fred” leaves, and soon after the group(minus Tiz) also head out to Fredrick’s old camp
- Venti uses Speaks with the Dead on Dead Fred
- Dead Fred is confused about what is going on, then is informed that he is dead
- (Note: both the questions and answers aren’t exact, but are close enough since I couldn’t get all of exactly what was said)
Q: What is your name? (Ashro)
	A: Fredrick.
Q: What is the last thing you remember before your death? (Sylvia)
	A: Sleeping, resting, then a sharp pain in his neck.
Q: What was your line of work/your expertise? (Ashro)
	A: That voice. I shall not respond to you.
Q: Why won’t you talk to Ashro? (not sure, but not Ashro)
	A: (murmuring) As my head was cleft, I heard that voice.
- The group pauses asking Dead Fred questions to question Ashro
	- He succeeds in deceiving them into not knowing that he is lying
	- Karen(his patron) asks him if he wants any help, Ashro agrees to the help
- Ashro’s defense 
	- He has been with the group the entire time and wouldn’t have had time to sneak off and kill Dead Fred
	- Ashro hadn’t talked to Dead Fred much, so Dead Fred might be mistaking Ashro’s voice for someone else’s
	- It could have been the same person who kidnapped Sylvia
- The group accepts these defenses, but are still a little concerned about what is going on
Q: What was your line of work/your expertise? (not sure)
	A: Studied lots, magic, time magic, intensely
- Speak with the Dead spell ends, and the group begins to figure out what their plan is about “Fred”
	- They decide not to do anything drastic with “Fred”, but do plan on asking him some questions
- The group heads back to Sweepstrangers
- When they get back, “Fred” is still out
- Everyone goes to their rooms and go to sleep
	- Before he goes to sleep, Ashro talks with Karen (in secret)
- In the morning, “Fred” has returned
- The group asks him some more questions
- (Note: same as last time, the questions and answers aren’t exact quotes)
Q: Did you find anything interesting last night?
	A: No, the disturbances weren’t as common as last night.
Q: What causes the disturbances?
	A: General temporal instability, but they are more common here, he used magic to protect Sweepstrangers and the area nearby from disturbances happening.
Q: Is the spell on the PPCs one time or does it need to be maintained? (This was a topic of conversation at Fredrick’s camp)
	A:  It doesn’t need to be maintained.
Q: What about the spell on the area around Sweepstrangers?
	A:  It needs daily upkeep, but after a few months (3-4) it will be permanent.
Q: Can we come with you to see the disturbances?
	A:  Technically yes, but it’s a one man job and you might get in the way.
Q: Is there anything to worry about (temporally) for now?
	A:  No.
Q: Are disturbances/rifts dangerous to be around?
	A: If they are entered, then yes, unless someone with knowledge of how to safely maneuver through them enters and gets you out. If no one gets you out, you might as well be dead. You could exit years in the future, or you could exit just seconds later, but with it feeling like you were in the rift for years.
Q: Are they noticeable?
	A:  If one spawns on top of you, then you will have a grace window to move out of the area. You won't see anything to indicate it spawning, but you will be able to feel it. If you are near an already spawned one, you might see long lost friends/relatives
Q: Have you seen people come out of rifts?
	A:  Only if they have assistance, from someone with more knowledge about the inside of rifts than I. A Corrector(Bellhop) would likely be able to get someone out, but only if the Corrector wanted to.
- After this, Tiz gestures the group to go to a more private area, so they head to the war room and then lock the door
- Tiz shares that the reason he wasn’t with us for the first part of the dungeon was because he had fallen into a rift
- In the rift, he got partially corrupted, but was rescued and cured by a Bellhop
- He fell into the rift after he saw Jaquelo, and then comments that things are getting complicated
- Tiz then asks the group for two favors
	- First, not to tell “Fred” about Tiz falling into a rift
	- Second, not to kill Jaquelo under any circumstances if the group encounters him
		- After Venti says that she would only kill him to protect herself or the group, Tiz says that if that happened he would defend his brother from us
		- He also makes the comment that the situation with Jaquelo is “unfair”
- Tiz then asks Sylvia what her relationship with Nako is, and Sylvia shares that he had been her only friend when she had been forced back into the WN, but when she tried to leave he tried to stop her, so Sylvia stopped him from stopping her
- (Construction starts on a tavern & a stable)
- The group receives a letter from Minkot, the Baron of Nourishedvices, asking for an audience with the group
- The group then goes to Nouishedvices to meet with Minkot
- Minkot gives the group a quest and some information
	- He wants a favor in return for the info
- The Quest:
	- The child mentioned in the letter, Lilac (unsure if this is their name or a nickname), was kidnapped by goblins from the WN
	- They were last seen over a year ago
	- Minkot wants the group to try and rescue Lilac if they are still alive(which they probably aren’t tbh)
- The Info:
	- Another version of Jaonos is an apprentice at Morningroughness
		- This version of Jaonos will be known as Apprentice!Jaonos unless the prefix ends up not suiting him
	- Morningroughness is a necromancer tower that is owned by its community but currently run by the necromancer Olo Glacialglimmer
	- Olo happens to be the daughter of Mimap Cottonwealthy, who is the queen of the civilization that Nourishedvices is a part of
	- Minkot asks us not to do anything that would piss off the queen
- Minkot then asks how Sweepstrangers is, we say good, and he sends us off
- Since the are in town, the group stops by Josh the wizard, who is able to identify some of the magical loot we got from the dungeon
	- Amulet of Proof Against Detection and Location
		- [Link](http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/wondrous-items:amulet-of-proof-against-detection-and-locatio)
		- Currently being used by: Sylvia
	- Figurine of Wondrous Power (Silver Raven)
		- [Link](http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/wondrous-items:figurine-of-wondrous-power)
		- Currently being used by: in party supply
	- Guardian Emblem
		- [Link](http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/wondrous-items:guardian-emblem)
		- Currently being used by: Venti
- Venti gets a new shield, then the group heads back home

%%Summaries%%