Previous: [[11-18-22 or 11-19-22]]
Next: [[12-2-22 or 12-3-22]]

- Dwarven reinforcements arrive by teleportation
- The reinforcements consist of 8 dwarves, 1 mage and 7 armored fighters
	- The mage is the leader of the group and is named [[Cass]]
- [[Orith]] introduces the group to [[Cass]], who really doesn’t acknowledge them, and instead focuses on talking to [[Orith]]
- [[Orith]] tells off [[Cass]], then the two of them go to the captured goblin(nickname: Pris)
- The rest of the dwarves relax when [[Cass]] leaves
- [[Cass]] casts some sort of sleeping spell on Pris as [[Orith]] fills her in on the general situation
	- [[Orith]] isn’t relaxed but is able to hold his own against [[Cass]]
- [[Orith]] and [[Cass]] come back to the group and [[Cass]] tells the group that she is obligated to bring the group to the nearest dwarven settlement
	- She isn’t happy about this and isn’t trying to hide it
- [[Ashro]] says that the group will walk, and [[Cass]] walks off
- [[Tiz]] heals the heavily injured beakdog(Huey), [[Sylvia]] heals the cow tipped beakdog(Dewey)
	- Huey and Dewey like [[Tiz]]
- [[Sylvia]] walks up to the tied up beakdog(Louie) and begins to gain its trust through snacks
- After a few snacks are given, she gives Louie some pets
- After even more snacks are given, she has a Toothless moment with Louie
	- Louie now officially trusts [[Sylvia]]
- [[Sylvia]] takes Louie for a short ride
- [[Orith]] approaches the group and tells them that [[Cass]] will be taking Pris soon, and that if the group wants to get any info out of him then they’ll need to do it before Pris is taken to Coppergripped
- [[Ashro]] goes and talks to [[Cass]] and try to convince her to let the group question Pris before she takes him
- [[Cass]] is a bitch the whole time but agrees to let the group have 10 minutes to question Pris
- The dwarf(Jeremiah) who had been carrying Pris ties him to a beam of the house
- Pris is hexed and put in a zone of truth, then slapped awake
- Jeremiah is helping with the interrogation
~Q&A with Pris~
Q: Who sent you?
	A: The Wordy Nightmare. (succeeded saving throw)
Q: Why do you want [[Sylvia]]?
	A: She’s a vermin and scum.
Q: Why did you want her alive?
	A: It was orders. (failed)
Q: Orders from who?
	A: My commander, who you killed. (failed)
Q: Who was with your commander?
	A: [[Slad]].
- Pris is then kicked really hard in the face by [[Ashro]] and is knocked unconscious
- [[Sylvia]] heals Pris back to consciousness with a slap of healing
Q: What is his rank?
	A: Your master. (succeeded, lied)
Q: What is his rank? (again)
	A: I don’t know. (failed)
Q: Who does he answer to?
	A: Idk, one of the higher ups. (failed)
Q: These higher ups being?
	A: Idk, I’m not told shit. (succeeded)
Q: Who does your commander answer to?
	A: Sergeant Major. (failed)
Q: Do you know their name?
	A: Idk, things have been changing a lot. (succeeded but not lying)
Q: What is [[Slad]]’s race?
	A: Idk, he doesn’t take off his mask. (failed)
Q: What did you whisper to the commander before the fight?
	A: That we knew that [[Sylvia]] was inside the house. (succeeded, lied)
Q: What did you whisper to the commander before the fight? (again)
	A: That your group are allies of [[Sylvia]]. (failed)
Q: How did you know that?
	A: A voice in my head. (failed)
Q: Describe this voice.
	A: No. (quietly)
- Arcana check on the voices in head: might have been sending
Q: Salad’s teleport crystal?
	A: I’d really like to have one right now. (failed)
Q: Was [[Nako]] involved with the kidnapping plot?
	A: I’d be surprised if he wasn’t. (succeeded)
Q: Why would you be surprised?
	A: He’s obsessed with making an example of [[Sylvia]]. (failed)
Q: Why is he obsessed?
	A: Idk, ask him. (failed)
Q: Has [[Jaquelo]] been seen at [[Cruelstirs]]?
	A: No. (succeeded but not lying)
Q: Is there a camp of goblins nearby?
	A: No. (failed)
Q: Whose voice did you hear in your head?
	A: (He won’t answer)
~End Q&A~
- [[Cass]] stops the questioning and says that the 10 minutes is up and the group can ask more questions (in theory) at Coppergripped
- [[Cass]] casts sleep on Pris
- [[Cass]] then teleports away, taking Pris and leaving Jeremiah
	- This doesn’t surprise Jeremiah
- [[Ashro]] calls [[Cass]] a bitch, both [[Orith]] and Jeremiah agree
- [[Adexis|Ell]] is burritoed and put in a cart
- The group learns Jeremiah’s name (I used it from the beginning as I didn’t want to keep writing out “the dwarf who helped with questioning”)
- The group + Jeremiah then travel to Coppergripped
	- [[Trik]] peels off to go help his tribe
- [[Tiz]] asks Jeremiah if there are any good blacksmiths in town
	- Jeremiah shares that [[Tiz]] can get stuff in town, but in order to get the best of the best blacksmiths, he should go to Foundwheels.
	- [[Tiz]] is looking for some “sentimental” armor and maybe a lance
- [[Tiz]] and Jeremiah banter
- Jeremiah asks if the group has any questions they would want to be asked to Pris, [[Ashro]] says to ask about the voice that gave Pris orders
- Jeremiah will meet the group in the tavern in a few hours, after he finishes his shift
- The group gets to town and heads to the tavern
	- [[Sylvia]] buys a room and goes to take a nap
	- [[Tiz]] decides to sit in the main area of the tavern
- [[Tiz]] overhears people talking about a sealed off fortress with treasure in it
	- It’s called [[Bridgefame]]
	- Most who go there don’t make it out alive
	- The main entrance is sealed but there is a secondary entrance that is still open
- A few hours later, Jeremiah enters the tavern and orders a drink
	- Both [[Tiz]] and [[Sylvia]] are there for when Jeremiah arrives
- Jeremiah learned that the voice that Pris heard was [[Nako]]’s
- Pris is still alive, and will be put on trial
- [[Adexis|Ell]] will be kept as a sort of ward of the town
	- Will be kept under supervision around and during full moons

%%Summaries%%